The moment they met again, she first gave him a fierce punch.

After that, she hugged him tightly.

The strongest Level 5 esper who came back from the heated warzone of the Third World War, Accelerator, was treated with such a feeling.

As a side note, the one who punched him and hugged him was the female teacher in sports attire called Yomikawa Aiho.

Accelerator was currently residing in her apartment.

His unique white hair did not have any color in it, and his abnormally red eyes had the presence of a beast. His thin, line-like body was supported by a modernistic cane, but it was unlikely to contribute to the "skinny" impression that Accelerator gave off.

This was a body that was thoroughly trained through the latest of scientific influences, the weapon called an esper.

No matter whether it was punching him or hugging him, there were likely only a few people in Academy City who could do such a "human" thing to him.

Also, there were others of "these few people" inside this spacious apartment.

For example,

“'Ah!! Why is there an attack of intense distorted light from front, back, left, right, up, down, all directions!?' says Misaka as Misaka is trembling on seeing this terrifying stereo!!”

The girl who looked about ten, Last Order, shouted some strange words as she grabbed onto the gamepad tightly with both hands.

“Kukuku, the lasers are Misaka’s final trump card to prevent you from running around... Large Laser!!”

This was a girl that had a similar face as Last Order's, but was grown up as a high schooler and essentially a darker version, Misaka Worst.

“…Is that another clone that was produced in a plan I didn’t know of…?”

Looking somewhat surprised by Misaka Worst’s presence was the female researcher Yoshikawa Kikyou.

Speaking of which, because of several things that had happened, Misaka Worst's arm was fractured. But right now, she was holding the handle of the gamepad with one hand as she continued to swamp Last Order who was holding the gamepad with both hands (the disadvantageous L and R toggles were ignored).

This was the solo performance of Misaka Worst, who for some reason was wearing a pink-white ao dai[1].

“'Ohh, if so, Misaka will use the network created by the Misaka brainwaves to issue a command!' says Misaka as Misaka tries to, but why isn’t it working!?”

“Fufufu, the Third Production Plan had all sorts of mechanisms put inside Misaka’s body to resist your command.”

Both of them continued in their own conversation.

“'Speaking of which, where did you get that ethnic costume?' asks Misaka as Misaka tries to inquire.”

“? Really? Is this Misaka’s memory not stored inside the MISAKA network because of the command resistance?”

“I gave it to her.”

The researcher Yoshikawa replied for Misaka Worst who didn’t look like she intended to answer given the evil look on her face.

“I won it in a lucky draw, but the measurements don’t really fit me.”

So that was why Misaka Worst, who had that evil and mocking look on her face, had this pink and white clothing. But that wasn’t what Last Order was complaining about.

“'…And she’s showing off an adult’s chest,' says Misaka as Misaka tries to remain alert.”

“I’m not talking about that; I’m talking about all the factors, including the waist and the buttocks. Speaking of which, if we’re just talking about bust line, isn’t that child’s bigger?”

Last Order then looked away from the gaming console screen and silently stared at the girl in the ao dai beside her, Misaka Worst.

She then said,

“'Let’s hope so,' says Misaka as Misaka tries to clench her fist.”

“No, Misaka was created from the Third Production Plan, so the growth accelerant should be different, isn’t it?”

*Clack clack clack clack clack!!* Last Order angrily slammed the gamepad, but her character in the screen continued to be pummeled.

Seeing the two girls talking to each other disharmoniously, Yomikawa frowned.

“Then who’s that high school student? Is she the kid’s elder sister?”

“No.”

The one who answered wasn’t Accelerator, but Misaka Worst.

While waiting for the outcome of the game battle, the girl turned her head to where Yomikawa was and closed one eye.

Using a tone that seemed to indicate that she was treating everyone as an idiot, she said,

“No matter what anyone says, Misaka’s that kid’s younger sister, right?”

“?” 