Academy City.

This was a place that was developed from the undeveloped land of western Tokyo. It was one-third the size of Tokyo, and there was a tall wall surrounding it. 80% of its population of 2.3 million consisted of students. Besides being the pinnacle city of academia and the ubiquitous all-around study of science and technology, there was another side to it - the esper development institution that was achieved through artificial means and scientific processes.

Targeted at the students, the "powers" developed would differ into many types according to each person’s scenario. Each ability would then be sorted according to the ability’s value, power, and practicality, into six different levels: People with No Powers (Level 0), People with Weak Powers (Level 1), People with Unusual Powers (Level 2), People with Strong Powers (Level 3), People with Great Powers (Level 4), and People with Super Powers (Level 5).

As a side note, Hamazura Shiage was a Level 0.

Strictly speaking, he was under the "power couldn’t be viewed by the naked eye, though it seemed like he still could use some of it" level. However, that was not something that we can tell. It seemed like the vague existence where the Level 0 espers stood.

But it was too early to despair just like that.

This man had the rarest experience of passing through the most intense area during the Third World War. Also, he had the experience of beating the 4th Level 5 by himself. He managed to live through the battle and chaos in the world for the girl he loved, so right now, he had slightly surpassed the status of being an "ordinary high school student".

The man who protected a village in an intense warzone from being overrun by Russian forces, fought back several assassins from Academy City, and returned from the battlefield with great rewards.

But for this End of the Century Emperor HAMAZURA to return to ordinary everyday life…

“HAMAZURA!! HOW LONG DO YOU NEED TO BUY THAT SPORTS DRINK!?”

The girl whose shout echoed throughout the restaurant caused Hamazura Shiage, who had several glass cups in his hand, to jerk his shoulders suddenly.

…Nothing, nothing changed at all!! Such a thing definitely happened, but my life hasn’t changed one bit!!!!

Though the End of the Century Emperor complained as he was converted back into a mess boy, this was life. No matter how much battle experience he gained, a minor character could only move on as a minor character.

As a side note, the one who prompted for a drink was Mugino Shizuri.

It would take a long time for us to discuss her story, but anyway, she was the #4 Level 5. She was a girl with a tall and slender figure to go with her soft tea-colored hair. One-third of her face was artificially treated with cosmetics, and one of her eyeballs was fake.

There were two other girls sitting around the table.

One of them was Kinuhata Saiai. This short, short-haired middle schooler was wearing a woolen dress. She was a girl that zealously believed in revealing her thighs, often researching ways to unknowingly but definitely reveal them.

The other was Takitsubo Rikou, the girl who had gone out to watch the movie with Hamazura just now. If one really had to define her characteristics, it was her black shoulder-length hair and the pink sports jacket that she would always wear.

Kinuhata seemed to be viewing a forum through her cell phone, but quickly got bored of things like "reconstruction of the warzones in Russia and Academy City is deploying troops". She tossed her cell phone away and focused on the French fries on the huge plate. Kinuhata then tossed a fry into her mouth and used her other hand to gently stroke the special makeup on Mugino’s face.

“…I can’t tell even when we’re so close right now. Forget about the wound; I can’t even see the eye bag. What kind of unique cosmetic surgery is this? It’s just like it got photo edited; I can’t even super tell the difference!”

“Since I won’t sweat, my pores won’t change normally. The skin color won’t change according to temperature, and there won’t be any goosebumps. I can already feel the difference just by staying around in normal environments. Even if it’s too refreshing, it’s not something that one can feel close about… I say, why were you rattling on about special cosmetics?”

“Well, in this era that uses CG effects to super add moles or scars or wings or horns, it’s amazing that they can even use special cosmetics to create such an effect. My burning passion movie fan blood is past boiling point already!! I can already feel my blood super burn up by watching those old weirdo-chasing-after-someone movie feeling!” (?)

…I don’t really want to approach them…

Hamazura thought honestly, but if they kept that up, a certain person may really tear off her makeup and become a homicidal maniac.

However, when he delivered the drinks,

“You’re too slow, Hamazura!! And what’s this!? Put ice in it properly! Wouldn’t the drinks not remain chilled when you brought them over!? It’s a basic beverage rule to redo it!!”

“Ma, don’t be like this. Hamazura’s super Hamazura. Besides, it’ll take quite a while to redo it. As adults, we have to super endure it, you know.”

“Seems like I got bad-mouthed heavily.”

Hamazura sighed and turned to look at the only girl who was not attacking.

“Since they have so many things to grumble about, regarding that, my princess who isn’t complaining at all is still my best partner, right, Takitsubo? Takitsubo?”

Hamazura looked like he was searching for the final straw of life as he said this to his lover. But right now, her eyes were wide open and not moving at all.

“…She’s sleeping…”

“Sle-sleeping!? The date that lasted until just now must have made you tired, right!?”

“Well, since she went out with Hamazura, it super can’t be helped, right? It’d be weird if she didn’t feel bored.”

“IT’S BECAUSE YOU INTRODUCED THAT MOVIE! YOU ACTUALLY INTRODUCED SUCH A STUPID MOVIE!!”

“At the climax right before the end, the super huge image of the Indian elephant jumping together with all the members was the super best. Right, Hamazura?”

“That’s the hardest part to understand…”

The nonsensical crazed movie fan Kinuhata seemed to be unable to understand Hamazura’s feelings as he cupped his head.

She took a sip from the drink that Hamazura had brought over, and said with 100% dissatisfaction,

“…Like what Mugino super said, this temperature far exceeds what a drink should be. I unhappily super propose a punishment game.”

After that, Mugino gently picked the tableware beside her that had deep-fried butter salmon (sort of like a metallic frying pan), and said in a ridiculous tone that sounded like one selling a cute cat,

“Then~ How about we take turns slapping Hamazura-chan on the face~?”

“STOP USING SUCH A SICKENINGLY SCARY VOICE!! ANYWAY, I’M SEVERELY AFFECTED BY JUST THAT ICY TONE OF YOURS! YOU’RE MAKING ME ALL CHILLY IN THE BACK!!”

Hamazura inadvertently shouted out in agony, but in contrast, Kinuhata just sighed slightly.

“No way. That’ll just super praise Hamazura. That guy will only be thinking of making people wear naked aprons or anything super sexually stimulating.”

“THIS IS SUCH A TERRIFYING FAMILY!! YOU TWO, I’LL GET GOOSEBUMPS IF I HEAR THE WORD ‘FAMILY’ AGAIN, GOT IT!? BESIDES, IT’S EXTREMELY DIFFICULT TO EVEN THINK OF A NAKED BODY IN THAT SITUATION!!”

Sitting opposite, Kinuhata covered her ears with an irritated expression on her face in response to Hamazura’s roars. But maybe because her elbow touched it, the third-rate movie ticket that was placed on the table fell down Kinuhata’s knee, and landed on the floor.

“SUPER HAMAZUUURRRRAAA!!!!”

“Why is it my fault again!!? …Got it, got it, I’ll pick it up, I’ll pick it up, okay!? So please don’t go about using your Level 4 powers at will inside this shop!!”

Mr. Laborer Hamazura Shiage sighed as he got down below the table. He spotted the target, the thin ticket, immediately. There were the words "Wildman’s N Zombie Escape Madness". Was this the original title or some randomly translated gibberish? Not interested in this movie at all, Hamazura looked away from the movie ticket.

And right now, it was the absolute frontal. The scene of Kinuhata Saiai's thighs that had the mini-woolen skirt and the cute piece of cloth covering the base were right in front of Hamazura.

Over here,

If it was a man who could live his life to the fullest, whether it be work or personal life, a man who could perfectly handle some unexpected things in his life, he may have merely been amused about slightly touching someone else’s thighs.

But Hamazura was super Hamazura.

With unlimited shock, he jumped upwards.

“Kinuha- Owww!!”

*BAM!!* With a huge sound, that idiot knocked his head against the table.

The victims were Mugino Shizuri, who was carelessly holding her drink with one hand, and Takitsubo Rikou, who was sleeping with her eyes wide open.

The more accurate way to describe it was that the drink in Mugino’s cup drenched Takitsubo.

Takitsubo widened her eyes and gradually gathered her focus.

“…Hamazura…?”

“She didn’t manage to collect enough information, and she doesn’t look sleepy at all. Seems like she’s thinking of me as the culprit no matter what. Why must I have such things happen around me?”

Shakily standing up after getting the ticket from under the table, Hamazura witnessed something shocking.

Completely drenched, Takitsubo muttered, "Really," as she took off her sports jacket.

Under the sports jacket were two hills forced down by a single undershirt.

“…As expected, they’re big.”

“…No, in the overall sense, my super body figure is better.”

“…Oh, no, got to calm down.”

Only Takitsubo was looking around with those blurry eyes of hers.

Without any emotional expression, she said,

“It’s about time we leave, isn’t it?”

“Ye… well. We finished the small bites; we’re about to enter the super main point soon.”

“Mm.”

Mugino looked somewhat bored, replying simply with a voice that didn’t fit her personality.

Hamazura stood up.

“So, you know where the place is?”

“About that, I super checked it before. But speaking of which, it super only exists in District 10.”

“Then let’s go, shall we?”

Mugino said in a cold tone.

Hamazura carefully probed the tone.

“Is it alright?”

“Yes.”

They were originally members of this small group called "Item", but right now, the team was no longer complete. One person who was supposed to be there was missing.

As if she was trying to emphasize the peace with this absentee, Mugino said softly,

“…Let’s hurry up and finish our visit to Frenda’s grave.” 