"So, what kind of prank are you trying to pull this time?"

Inaba eyed Taichi and the others with cold eyes.

[Taichi] and [Nagase], having returned to the clubroom, immediately confirmed their statuses together. Although they screamed at their faces in the mirror during the process and were caught in a mess, they had now already calmed down.

According to Nagase, she was in the classroom when she suddenly blacked out. Then, when she got back on her feet, she was in the clubroom facing Inaba and the others. By the way, according to those who witnessed the situation (Inaba and the others), [Taichi's body], which was originally sitting, suddenly fell forwards as though losing consciousness, then bent up again at the next instant.

Then Nagase temporarily went into a flurry; however, she remembered Aoki's words from yesterday and thought, "Isn't this a similar situation?". With that in mind, she flew to the classroom where [Nagase] was... this should have been what had happened up until now.

"Ah... rather than souls, it seems more like our personalities were exchanged!"

Ahaha... Nagase [Taichi] spoke in an unbelievably swift tone and laughed cheerfully.

"Tai, Taichi having such a refreshing smile is kind of rare... His laughs normally are quite twisted."

Kiriyama, surprised, blinked as she spoke in a low voice.

"Yes. In fact, his appearance isn't bad. If he smiled like that all the time, he'd be loved by many girls!"

Aoki also chimed in with them.

"Is my smile really that bad...? I think I'm just smiling normally..."

"...Those things don't really matter! Don't change the subject!"

A "Pong" could be heard as Inaba struck the table with her fist.

"—Ouch..."

"That strike just then must have really hurt?"

"Taichi, would you please..."

Inaba planned to strike a deathblow at Taichi [Nagase].

"Stop talking..."

But just before hitting him, she turned her body over and let her sweeping side punch deviate from its path towards Taichi. Posing like a ballet dancer, she held out her hands and remained still on her feet. Her face continued to twitch, either because of her shame or her anger.

"Inaba looks quite happy!"

Nagase [Taichi] ferociously struck a deathblow.

"I think this is just what happened—Inaba was attacked by Taichi's skilled unwanted sharp-tongued responses and wanted to strike back at Taichi with a physical attack as usual, but after seeing that he's now Nagase... she stopped herself midway."

"Inaba was even criticised by a guy like Aoki, how sad..."

Aoki and Kiriyama passed the baton and described Inaba dismally.

Inaba's face twitched, but she still kept a good pose, as if deep breathing autonomously.

"This is the first time I've seen such an interesting Inaba!"

Taichi [Nagase] poured words from his heart. Inaba eyed Taichi sharply.

"...You wait and see, Tai..."

Just when she spoke, Inaba rolled her eyes and became silent.

Nagase [Taichi], as though waiting for this moment, smiled wickedly.

"Inaba, you just turned to [Nagase] and called her Taichi, right?"

Nagase Iori was perhaps the only person who can repel Inaba in the club.

"Hmm—"

Inaba had a bitter expression.

"That's because... You two have such strange acting skills..."

"Do you think Taichi can act like me, Nagase Iori, so well?"

Nagase, having the [appearance of Taichi], stormed towards Inaba. Her voice and appearance were of that of [Taichi]; however, her actions and way of speech belonged to Nagase.

"Inaba, you probably won't believe this... even I don't quite believe it, but you've got to trust me! I am Taichi, and this [Taichi] over here is Nagase."

Despite being uncomfortable and uncoordinated with his high pitch, Taichi [Nagase] still pleaded his case.

After biting on her nail, Inaba asked the others.

"How do Yui and Aoki see this? Yesterday you two... Nope, it was only Aoki, argued that something like soul exchange occurred?"

"Yeah, Taichi and Nagase must have exchanged their souls. This is a talk of experience ! Does Yui agree with me?"

"Hmm... Looks like... I can only admit it really happened..."

"I thought you denied that strongly yesterday?"

Inaba complained.

"Because that was an awful experience!"

Kiriyama clapped her hands on the table with a "Pong" while rising, causing her chestnut hair to flutter vibrantly.

"Oh. So that means Yui admits she exchanged her soul with mine yesterday night, right?"

Although she was being asked with a playful smile, Kiriyama expressed her extreme disgust, but still replied lightly with a "Yeah..." and nodded her assent.

"That's because... if I were to say that was a dream, it would really be strange, and Nagase and Taichi have said that they have exchanged too..."

"Hey... are you guys for real? Soul exchanging happens in fairy tales, not in reality..."

It was understandable that Inaba couldn't believe it; after all, this 'phenomenon of soul exchange' wasn't believable with just words.

However strange and contrary to common sense and knowledge some things were, to those who have been accidentally touched by them, they can, surprisingly, easily accept it as the truth.

Even if it were logically impossible, once you've experienced it, even the impossible will become mundane.

Inaba looked at the countenance of the four members. They were all nodding their assent.

"So you guys accept this so easily...? Can't you at least freak out or something?"

"Ayah... once you're part of it, you will feel that 'ah, eh? Yeah!'"

"Nagase, you didn't explain it at all."

Taichi [Nagase] responded with a sharp-tongued reply.

"I, I am starting to feel a headache coming... but if we continue like this, this will never be settled... Let me confirm this again, you two are not kidding, Nagase and Taichi exchanged their souls for real... or may I say exchanged their personalities?"

"That's why I am Taichi despite appearing to be [Nagase]."

"This shows that you, having [the body of Nagase], should know only what Taichi knows; and you, having [the body of Taichi], should know only what Nagase knows, right?"

She suggested, wanting to identify them from what they knew.

"This really is the easiest way. Any question is fine. Ask me, and I will be glad to reply... Although, wouldn't it be too hard to find something that Inaba and I know but Nagase doesn't...?"

Nevertheless, Inaba didn't quite care about Taichi's dilemma. She confidently waved her hand and said,

"Ah, don't worry about that."

"Alright, from now you should reply to my questions. I'll only believe you if you reply immediately."

Inaba got up and leaned close to Taichi. Despite his heart pounding due to her inconceivable sexual charm, Taichi [Nagase] still firmly endured her scrutiny.

"Come on!"

"You have to reply in a few milliseconds."

"Ok. I know."

"Alright, then let's start!"

Inaba deeply inhaled...

She quickly asked the question in one breath!

"What's the name of the latest AV Aoki lent you?"

"'Big Boobs Girl High...' Wait, what are you trying to get me to say! And Inaba, you don't even know the answer yourself!"

Taichi [Nagase], who had almost accidentally thrown out the AV name, began to panic.

"Ohoh! It is quite rare to see Taichi speak so loudly and then get flustered... But first, putting that aside, how did Inaba know of our trade?"

"That doesn't matter. Also, Aoki'll help verify the answer. So, Taichi, the answer is...?"

Although Inaba seemed serious, you could see a bit of pleasure and joy somewhere deep in her eyes.

Taichi glanced at Kiriyama and Nagase [Taichi] and examined their faces. Kiriyama looked at Taichi with a blazing red face. And Nagase mumbled, "Big Boobs ah..." while looking at Taichi with the whites of her eyes. Along with Nagase having the [appearance of Taichi], Taichi was on pins and needles.

"Then, Inaba-san, could you cut me some slack and let me whisper the answer to Aoki?"

After being silent for a while, Inaba lifted her chin towards Aoki.

Relieved, Taichi [Nagase] quickly moved to Aoki and told him the answer in case Inaba changed her mind.

"How's the answer, Aoki?"

"Completely correct, captain Inaba! Also, hearing those perverted words from [Nagase] is quite lucky!"

Aoki's stupid speech made Nagase [Taichi] think, "Eh? What is this? I feel I just lost something important . Should I ask him for compensation?" and had a feeling of insecurity.

"Then, now that we know we have two big breast fetish idiots in our club, let's test the person who has [Taichi's appearance] to see if she's Nagase."

"Would it be that Inaba, while confirming whether our answers are correct, is actually trying to get revenge for teasing her?"

The appalling fright caused Taichi [Nagase] to groan with a shudder.

"Must abstain from antagonising Inaba..."

Kiriyama looked as if she had become even more frightened of Inaba.

Inaba stood up, walked to Nagase [Taichi], and whispered something in her ears. Then...

"Poof! *Cough...cough*, Wait... Ina, Inaba-san, is that true?"

"True."

Inaba said distinctly.

"Why will... You don't have to say such things now."

Nagase [Taichi] covered her eyes with her hand while slipping under the chair. She looked like she had been whispered to with some impulsive content.

"But... we truly are grown-ups now, right...*Sob*"

What did she say that made her like this? This was really curious.

Inaba returned to her seat without turning a hair. She then released all her tension, then looked up and gazed at the ceiling, mumbling,

"Personality exchange... I believe it."

Ohoh... The other four members celebrated Inaba's compromise.

"Even if it were an act, between the possibility of Taichi making such diverse expressions and the possibility of personality exchange, after thinking about this carefully, the latter seems more likely."

"How should I respond to that opinion... And also, why are those three people nodding with an obvious 'Oh, so this is what happened' look on their faces...'

Taichi really wanted to ask them about what they thought of him.

"I understand the personality exchange between Nagase and Taichi... Alright, assume I understand... So, what will you two decide to do from now on?"

Although a bit late, Inaba pinpointed the most vital problem.

"Hmm... Ha... ～What to do?"

Nagase [Taichi] smirked.

"Why do you seem so free today..."

Inaba also felt surprised.

"Before that, let me hear from Aoki and Kiriyama about their exchange. You eventually switched back later on, right?"

"Yeah... How can I put it? It should've been sometime around 3 a.m. at night? When I was sleeping in my bedroom, I suddenly woke up and felt a bit insecure. Then I looked around the room and found out that I was in a room I had never seen before. Though I was frightened when I was confirming the situation, it was a pleasant surprise when I saw Kiriyama in the mirror! 'Ah...' This made me even more confused; however, I changed back to myself and returned to my bed when I wasn't paying attention. That was the kind of feeling I had. Did Yui have a similar feeling as well?"

"Yeah, similar, but the difference is, I thought it was a nightmare when I saw myself in the mirror so I was cowering on the bed. Really, I didn't even care if it was my own bed or not. Also, after I returned to my own room... Nope, after I returned to [my body], I found a big mess in my room."

Kiriyama looked at Aoki with disdain.

"Ab...About that, I am really regretful."

Aoki apologised.

"Oh... how long was your exchange?"

Nagase [Taichi] asked Aoki.

"I think it was no more than an hour. About thirty to forty minutes?"

"Only about thirty to forty minutes... how strange, though of course the phenomenon itself is already really strange..."

Inaba frowned.

"So does it really have to do with time? Or is it affected by something else—"

Before ending his question, Taichi's vision and consciousness was suddenly stopped as if being unplugged.

"—Oi! Are you okay?"

With such loud voices rampantly swirling in his mind, Taichi frowned and reopened his eyes. The dark had suddenly vanished, and the usual view of the club re-entered his eyes... Nope, not right.

Until just now, Inaba should have been in front of him and on the right. Now she was in front. Aoki and Kiriyama's seats had also changed. And [Nagase] now had 'the appearance of Nagase' and was staring at him.

This meant that...

" "We're back to normal!" "

Taichi cried simultaneously with Nagase, whose countenance suddenly brightened up.

"Is this for real..."

Inaba murmured while slipping off from her seat.

In the end, that day's meeting still ended with vice-president Inaba's order: "This personality exchange phenomenon is temporarily confidential and should not be told to anyone." 