In order to hold the delayed club meeting, the Cultural Research Club members hurried to the clubroom. Of course, Taichi was one of these members.

The five club members sat around the rectangular table. Although an embarrassed atmosphere could still be felt from Aoki Yoshifumi and Kiriyama Yui today, at least they were obedient and kept silent.

Taichi hadn't yet touched on yesterday's matter because it felt like it had become quite sensitive. The atmosphere was rather stiff in room 401 of the recreation building.

Vice-president Inaba Himeko paid no attention to the terrible atmosphere and decided to start the meeting.

"Geez! Let's start our club meeting! First—"

"Ah! I left something in the classroom."

The president, Nagase Iori, suddenly interrupted the procedures.

"Hmm! Just when I extraordinarily want to seriously hold a meeting you pour cold water on me!"

Inaba was getting exasperated.

"Inaba-chan, calm down, get a hold of yourself～～"

"You know you are the cause of this, don't you?"

"Then, Inaba-chan, can I go get that now?"

An innocent childish smile was drawn on Iori's face . Her hair, bundled behind her head, looked like it was hopping and jumping... Of course, this couldn't possibly have happened.

"Get those kinds of things later... No, forget it. Go get it... fast."

"Yes, sir～！"

"I'm not a sir... She's not listening, is she."

Without waiting for Inaba to finish, Nagase had already rushed out of the clubroom.

"Haha, even Inaba can't handle Nagase."

For the first time since she got in the clubroom, a relieved Kiriyama spoke.

"Although it's not to the point that I can't really handle her... still, it might be intractable."

Inaba sighed.

The atmosphere seemed to have cooled down.

With this, Aoki returned to his normal state and started to joke around pointlessly. Kiriyama and Taichi responded with sharp-tongued replies.

The clubroom was returning to its normal condition.

"...It felt as if that girl did that because she felt the mood, which is why I think it's intractable."

At the very moment Inaba's low voice reached Taichi's ear...

—The world turned pitch black.

When he regained his senses, the world had become horizontal.

...Nope, it's because I am lying horizontal myself - Taichi immediately thought of a really obvious answer.

He wasn't on the chair he was sitting on just a while ago. Moreover, his face was stuck firmly on a table.

Taichi got up and looked around.

A classroom.

Not the clubroom.

No one here. Shouts from some club practising came from the court. There were also batting sounds.

Taichi felt a bit dizzy. He held onto the table to keep his body steady. His view wasn't quite coordinated... Is it because of the dizziness? No, it seemed there was a more significant reason behind this.

I should be in the clubroom on the fourth floor of the recreation building right now. And I am sure because up until now, I was talking with Inaba and the others. But somehow, for no reason, I am now in the classroom.

Did something happen?

To grasp the situation, Taichi looked around the classroom again.

The way the tables were organised, the posters on the board, the contacts written on the corner of the blackboard, and the little bookshelf on the edge of the classroom—everything was familiar to Taichi.

This was Taichi's class: 1C.

If he had come from the clubroom, no matter how hard he tried, he would at the very least need a few minutes.

Taichi trembled slightly; he felt something bad was going to happen.

Is it that I teleported to the classroom from the clubroom instantaneously? Or is it that I walked to the classroom myself, but for some reason , my memory has faded? Or is it that my time in the clubroom was only a dream and I was just having a nap in the classroom all along? Or could it be... something else?

"So which is it actually... eh?"

That was too impulsive.

Taichi was so shocked that his whole body trembled while he held his hand beside his mouth.

"...You're kidding."

As he spoke in a low voice, he moved his hand to his neck.

He couldn't even feel the prominence of his Adam's apple in his neck. His neck was as smooth as that of a girl.

I must have misheard. Taichi tried in his heart to reject the voice that came from his mouth. Although he tried to, he couldn't. His rational side told him he didn't mishear.

"Why did my voice become as smooth as a girl's?"

Is this a dream?

No, this couldn't possibly be... this feeling and texture could not be that of a dream, but reality.

Calm down. Taichi repeated these two words in his head. He tried to control his fantasies from wandering off in strange directions. No matter how hard he tried, though, his fantasies were still impossible to control or stop.

Aoki's words from yesterday flashed through his mind.

In any case, not confirming it would not get him anywhere. So Taichi inhaled deeply and, after exhaling, slowly looked down to his feet.

From his waist to his knee, there was a cloth, cylindrical in shape. Looking objectively, this resembled a piece of clothing that females would wear... in other words, it was a skirt.

Then, at the bottom of the skirt, he could see a hint of the white and slender thighs. Looking further down revealed a pair of soft legs covered with black knee socks.

"Arghh—!" Taichi cried. But it was not Taichi's voice... Or should we say that this voice was now Taichi's?

Taichi drooped his head and used his hands to pull at the 'thing' covering his upper body for confirmation.

Undoubtedly, that was Yamaboshi High School's uniform. The only thing was... it was the female uniform.

Taichi was very confused.

He couldn't grasp his present condition, situation and plight.

No, more accurately, 'it wouldn't be that'. Such a conclusion brought along an overwhelming existence that floated in his mind. Even so, a consciousness long developed in human manners was continuing to boil in his mind and trying to veil his sudden conclusion.

Reality, however, brutally forced itself upon Taichi's eyes.

If he were a man, he being Taichi, then that would never exist... that object, which had appeared in front of Taichi at the very start.

Taichi's chest had expanded.

That degree couldn't possibly be due to inflammation. No matter how strong a force his chest was subjected to, this kind of expansion was obviously not the kind that a boy's pectoral muscles would undergo.

Undoubtedly, this should originally belong to a woman, this is, 'that' which started from 'th'.

If this was the real thing, he had to acknowledge that "this is what happened".

Taichi nervously swallowed his saliva in an effort to calm himself down.

Then he finally decided to hold his hands in front of his chest and used his right hand to grasp the right hill and his left hand to grasp the left hill. Then he started rubbing them.

Rub, rub, rub, rub...

Even though it was so supple, as if it were about to melt, it was quite firm and elastic at the same time. It was as though it was slipping out between his fingers but at the same time it absolutely wouldn't. This was an indescribable and amazing sensation.

This in fact was an unknown experience. Although Taichi hadn't touched the real thing in his sixteen years of life, he believed it wholeheartedly.

—This must be the real thing, 'that' that started from 'th'.

And every time he rubbed 'that' from 'th', he could feel that sensation. In other words, this was not simply a decoration stuck on his body—-just as Taichi started to think like this...

A *click* came from the classroom door. The door opened. A girl entered the classroom and her eyes met Taichi’s.

Taichi's condition had already made him dizzy to the point where he could not respond to this unexpected new development.

Walking stiffly with the same pose was a person who held her silky hair behind her, and wore a trademark pair of glasses—Fujishima Maiko, class president of class 1C.

Staring at each other silently for a few seconds, Fujishima started to speak slowly.

"I am...that...I saw that the classroom windows were open, so I returned to close them. That's because the weather forecast said that it might rain tonight...Then, [Nagase-san], what...are you doing?

—Fujishima called Taichi [Nagase].

He should be Yaegashi Taichi and not [Nagase], but is he now [Nagase Iori]?

"If I were to tell you what I saw, you looked like you were rubbing your own breasts..."

Having been told this by Fujishima, Taichi then realized he was still clenching his breasts with his hands. He hurriedly unclenched of his hands. Although he felt that his brain couldn’t operate because of insufficient storage, he still understood how bad the situation was.

"..."

"..."

Fujishima eyed Taichi and widened her pupils behind her glasses to have a good look at Taichi. Taichi couldn't escape. He could only stand rigidly.

Deep silence spread through the room.

But Fujishima quickly dispersed it with an unpredictable question.

"Do you want me to help you to rub them?"

"...Eh?"

What development was this?

"Rather than doing it yourself, wouldn't it be better for someone else to rub it for you? On multiple levels."

"No, no need."

Although the part 'on multiple levels' was quite interesting, Taichi still rejected the offer.

"You don't have to hold back. I have some confidence when it comes to this."

Fujishima stepped forward.

"Fuji, Fujishima?"

Fujishima seemed to have been turned on by a miraculous switch.

The class president, who was normally a model student, had an erotic expression on her face for the first time, which caused Taichi to be uncertain about what to do.

Fujishima gradually approached Taichi.

Maybe this was crisis of virginity? In this situation, however, who was the owner of the virginity... No, these things weren't worth thinking about right now. Taichi began to panic.

"You, you should first calm down, Fujishima! If we calm down and talk, we could understand each other correctly!"

"Yeah, so let us talk... using our bodies!"

"Bo...Bodies? Wa...Wait!"

Actually, what really happened that resulted in this situation?

Taichi couldn't grasp the force that caused this.

Now another person rushed into the classroom with surprising momentum.

"Tai—Chi!"

Breathing heavily and screaming was the person—[Yaegashi Taichi]... No wait, it should be "someone with the body of Yaegashi Taichi", right?

Taichi used his still-puzzled mind to predict any possibilities.

Fujishima called Taichi as [Nagase]... Then, if not neglecting those supernatural phenomena, thinking logically, the person now moving and entering the classroom in [Taichi's body] should be Nagase?

"Yae, [Yaegashi-kun]?"

Suddenly rushing in, [Taichi] caught Fujishima in a tight corner.

"Fujishima-san! If you need to talk to Taichi... No, that's me... no, need to talk to [Nagase Iori], then sorry! Because of emergency situations , I need to take her away! Ok. Now come with me!"

The person now moving as [Taichi], who was most likely [Nagase], came beside Taichi and pulled his hand, planning to bring him outside.

At this moment, Fujishima grabbed Taichi's other hand.

"Wha... What's the matter, [Yaegashi Taichi]? Don't you see we are doing something important now?"

"Right, something serious almost happened! Let me go, Fujishima! I have to go!"

Taichi [Nagase] said.

"Look, that's even what Taichi... Nope, that's even what [Nagase] is saying!"

Nagase [Taichi] said.

"Why do the tones you guys are using seem so weird? Anyway, if you want to take Nagase-san away, give me a good reason!"

Fujishima still showed a sign of rejection.

"Hmm, then have a taste of this!"

Nagase [Taichi] jumped on Fujishima as she cried.

"Tickle, Tickle, Tickle..."

"Eh, ah, stop it...! My abdomen can't take it... Hahaha. And [Yaegashi Taichi], what you are doing now is sex- sexual harassment... Ahahaha, stop, stop please..."

Class 1C's classroom sunk into sharp cries from hell. 