The demon king army general, the evil god Wolbach.

She was a high-value bounty target who – despite her true powers being sealed – was able to use explosion magic to whittle down the elite forces of the royal capital.

After laying the feared demon king army general and evil god to rest, the impression of us being ‘flukes’ was swept away, and we were officially recognized as a strong party.

And then, I, who had become famous for leading the elites to defeat the demon king army—

“I want to go catch a wild dullahan.”

“Wait, I don’t get what you’re talking about.”

—Was currently sprawled on the sofa in the large living room of the mansion.

In this relaxed manner, I said that to Megumin, who looked at me with a perplexed expression.

“What happened to you Kazuma? Did you finally open your eyes to the Axis cult, and now you want to go hunt the undead? I’m really happy about that, but there’s no way you’re gonna find a wild dullahan. For now, just be patient and hunt skeletons or ghosts instead.”

I explained my reason to Aqua, who kept spouting idiotic things.

“The reason I want to look for a wild dullahan is to learn the ‘Premonition of Death’ skill. In order to succeed with a certain plan of mine, that skill is absolutely necessary. Do you think there are any places where I could find one?”

“Hah—!? The lich’s ‘Drain Touch’ is fine, but why do you always want to learn all these dirty skills!? Hand over your adventurer card! As long you have points remaining, I’ll make you learn as many of my party performance skills as you can!”

“Oi stop it, you idiot! Don’t decide things on your own! More importantly, hurry up and hand over your healing magic!”

Aqua jumped on top of me to try to steal my adventurer card. Meanwhile Darkness, whose lap was being rested on by Chomusuke, tilted her head in doubt, and looked at me with a gaze of suspicion.

Since we’ve returned from our last adventure, this furball had begun to show prejudice against Aqua. Whenever it had the chance, it would go and bite Aqua’s hagoromo. Basically, it had grown to become more cat-like.

“Why exactly do you want to learn such a dangerous skill? Also, in terms of rank, dullahans are only behind vampires and liches you know? As if you could meet something like that out in the open.”

While I had expected this answer, I still felt a bit disappointed.

In a world where a lich owned a store and a devil worked part-time, it wouldn’t be a surprising for a dullahan to be operating a haunted house.

I’m not sure if Megumin could tell from my reaction, but she questioned me with a discomforted expression.

“What exactly are you thinking, Kazuma? If you want to learn such a powerful skill, that means you want to fight some strong opponent right? Is my power not good enough? Is there no place for my explosion magic that has buried countless demon king army generals?*

To dispel the unease of my companion, who had asked me to rely on her, I showed her my best smile.

“No, it’s not like that. Thanks, Megumin, there is indeed a use for your explosion magic. Well, in the end, I guess I can’t ask for too much huh… Alright Megumin, let’s go to the neighboring nation! Then, once we get there, we’ll fire one shot at the capital of that nation, and send a threatening letter. ‘If you don’t want to be struck by explosion magic again, then abandon your engagement with Princess Iris. As a representative of the demon king army, I do not recognize your engagement with her—’”

“Are you an idiot!? I thought you started acting weird ever since you received that letter from Iris-sama; so you were actually thinking of doing something so pointless! Could it be, that you wanted to learn the dullahan’s ‘Premonition of Death’ because you wanted to curse Iris-sama’s fiancé!? Also, where did the demon king army come from!?”

Hearing my perfect plan, Darkness suddenly got angry.

“What do you mean by pointless! Yeah, I want to use the skill to curse Iris’ fiancé from a distance. Then I’ll say, ‘Haha-n, this is the handiwork of the demon king army isn’t it? Stealing away a princess is the demon king’s job. Since you stole away the important work of the demon king, you earned his hatred. Well, here we have an archpriest that can dispel the curse, but there’s no saying when you might get cursed again. Until the demon king is defeated, I strongly recommend you cancel your engagement…’”

“The worst… You’re the worst kind of man possible! To use precious skill points to do something so stupid, do you have no shame!?”

Following Darkness, even Megumin began to berate me.

“You’re saying this to me now, after I’ve already learned the ‘escape’ and ‘cooking’ skills? Recently, in order to determine whether or not the adventurers at the guild were spreading bad rumors about me, I even learned the ‘lip reading’ skill.”

“Y-You’re really going in a direction that’s unrelated to adventuring aren’t you? Anyway, I won’t allow you to bring Megumin along to enact such a stupid plan.”

Why are people who only put points in explosion magic and defense skills telling me this?

I want to tell them that ‘Before complaining about others, please put your own points into useful skills’.

…But, unexpectedly, Aqua became the only person who wanted to be involved in my plan.

“Can I join in on your plan? Specifically, I want to know more about the part where you frame everything on the demon king army. After all, one of the daily activities of the Axis cult is to spread bad opinions about them.”

“Just to make sure, the reason the demon king attacks humanity isn’t because of the Axis cult right?”

Well, I did have my reasons to plan something like this.

The other day, I received a letter from Iris.

The letter wrote that she would go and meet her fiancé from the neighboring country for the first time, and she wanted me to be her bodyguard.

Given my obligations as her brother, there was no way I would refuse her request.

For the sake of fighting against the suspicious person that tricked my cute little sister, I sharpened my katana that I’ve never had to use before, and began to make various other preparations, but—

“Well, I guess it can’t be helped. Let us use a frontal attack. After accepting the bodyguard request, we’ll do whatever we can to prevent the worst from happening. Since I have a lot of skill points to spare, I’ll use them to learn some useful skill when the time comes for it…”

I hadn’t noticed at this moment.

As I hoisted my chin on my hand, and began to brainstorm ideas on my own, Darkness looked at me with an unscrupulous gaze.