The day after that happened.

“—Oi. What exactly is this supposed to mean? Explain.”

When I woke up a bit after noon, I found myself tied up on my bed.

“So you’re awake, Kazuma. Sorry about this, but for the next three days I’m going to keep you restrained. What? Don’t worry about it. You’ll be served the best food during this time, and I will take care of you personally. If there’s anything you want then I’ll tell my butlers to go buy it.”

Having invaded my room at some point, Darkness showed a proud expression in the broad daylight, all whilst saying stupid things.

The summer was about to end and the fall season was quickly approaching.

So it’s unlikely that the heat got to her head.

“What’s up with you all of a sudden? Why did you tie me up? Taking your fetish into consideration, aren’t our positions reversed? Could it be that you love me so much that you can no longer resist your urges?”

“As if I would like a fickle man like you! And don’t talk about my fetish, tying you up is completely unrelated to my personal interests.”

Darkness seemed to have lost her cool.

“You’re just as bothersome as usual. Isn’t it too late to say anything when you’ve already kissed me on the cheek? Being a dead-dere isn’t popular nowadays you know?”

“Who’s a dead-dere! Also, this is unrelated to that incident a while ago. You and I had that kind of dizzy atmosphere here and there back then, but… Well nevermind that, that’s not what we need to talk about. What we need to discuss is about Iris-sama.”

After telling me off, Darkness cleared her throat and—

“Sorry about this Kazuma. About Iris-sama’s bodyguard request that we received the other day, I’m going to send a letter to reject it. Iris-sama will be leaving for the neighboring nation in three days, so until I’ve confirmed that she’s left, I’m going to keep you tied up. So you need to act mature and persevere for now.”

With a slightly apologetic expression, she said such things…

“Are you kidding me!? That’s the reason you tied me up! At this rate, my little sister will be married to that suspicious man you know!?”

“As if you have the right to say that as a commoner whose origins are completely unknown! If you want to convince me that you’re not a suspicious man, then tell me about your past! …Yes, I’ve actually meant to ask you for a long time. In what nation were you born? Where did you learn all those strange things? Why are you lacking common sense… things like that…!”

Ignoring Darkness who began to say some troublesome things, I began to shout.

“Megumin—! Aqua—! Help me! I’m being imprisoned by a female pervert—!”

“H-, Hey, stop saying weird things! Also, too bad, those two are currently away. What’s left is to call for my retainers, and have you moved along with the bed to my home. If I let you become a bodyguard, then this nation will definitely run into some trouble with foreign relations. This is for the sake of my nation, so just be patient.”

“Just what kind of foreign relation problems will arise if I become a bodyguard! I learned the proper noble etiquette during the time I lived at the castle, so I won’t do anything disrespectful! So let me go!”

“Don’t you dare say anything! You’re the living definition of ‘disrespect’! If you act obediently, I’ll let you eat delicacies that you normally won’t be able to get your hands on. And aren’t you a NEET at heart anyway? All you have to do is lie down while I take care of you. Not a bad deal right?”

Darkness bent and looked down as though she were talking to a child, but I realized it was not the time to say that.

“… I guess you’re right. Alright, I get it.”

“Y-You get it…!? Well, a lot of trouble has happened recently. Occasionally, spending time with you like this is…”

Not too bad.

Darkness showed a bashful smile, and it seemed like she would continue to be that way—

“Well then, I’ve had an intense urge to go to the toilet for a while now, so could you do something about this quickly?”

And I, who was tied up on the bed, flatly said this.

“…Eh?”

“Don’t eh me, you said it yourself didn’t you? That you would personally take care of me. Naturally, that means taking care of ‘down under’ too right?”

“………Eh—”

Darkness froze in place, dumbfounded.

“Anyway, hurry up and follow my order. Oi Darkness, go and fetch the urine bottle.”

“Eeeeehhhh-!?”

“Don’t eeeehhh me, hurry up. Geez, this ojou-sama is really useless. Weren’t you the one who said that in the first place? Now come on, hurry up and move it already.”

This wasn’t sexual harassment.

Since I couldn’t move my body, there’s no other way.

Yes, there’s no other way.

“N-N-, No—! That’s not what I meant! It’s true that I said that I would take care of you, but that’s not what I meant, so please wait!”

“I can’t wait anymore. ‘Going to bathroom when I wake up’ is a natural phenomenon. That said, this is something that you have to do everyday alright? After all, I’m not gonna force this job on your servants who I’ve never seen or met. Now, hurry it up already.”

“Uuuum…. b-but…”

Despite her self-assured declaration a moment ago, Darkness was now bewildered.

“Ah, this is gonna get ugly, I can’t hold on any longer. How long are you gonna stay embarrassed? I helped you go to the bathroom recently as well remember? I even helped you remove your underwear and get toilet paper. We’ve already known each other for such a long time, so don’t be ashamed now. Even if it’s just the lower half, hurry up and release the binds.”

As the time of nil approached, Darkness said to me in a soft voice.

“…It can’t be released.”

“…Huh?”

Darkness lowered her head apologetically.

“I didn’t think about the problems down there. W-, What should we do, the rope I used to restrain you is a fairly powerful magic tool. It can’t be released halfway. Basically, for the next three days, you will stay…”

“You idiot! What am I gonna do!? Are you saying that for the next three days I’m gonna have to piss in my pants!? Oi stop kidding around! If that really happened to me, then I’ll make sure the same happens to you sometime alright!?”

“H-, Happens to me…”

“It’s an emergency situation so stop anticipating it! Ah, Damnit!”

Using the only functioning mind, I reaffirmed the current situation.

I was currently tied in a rubber-like rope all the way to my knees, as if I had been tied by ‘bind’ magic.

It looks easy to cut at first glance, but since she said that it was a strong magic tool, I shouldn’t expect anything.

However, it should be possible to loosen the rope.

“Oi Darkness, with your strength it should be possible to make a gap in the rope. Focus on shifting the rope tying up the lower half of my body. That way, I should be at least be able to get some sweet release.

“I-, I got it, leave it to me!”

With her face flushed red, she began to pull on the rope.

While the ropes were tied tightly around my body, she managed to make enough of a gap to pull ‘it’ out.

“Alright, good work. Now there’s a urine bottle over there so bring it over.”

“… Why do you have something like this? Why exactly would you…”

“This is something like a NEET’s best friend. After all, there are times during the winter when it’s so cold that you don’t want to get out of bed, or it’s too bothersome to go to the toilet in the morning, right? At those important junctures, it’s a treasure.”

“Just how far are you… Well nevermind, it saved us this time. I’ll put it here.”

With a perplexed expression, Darkness placed the bottle next to me…

“Oi, I can’t go like this right? There’s no way I can’t go if you don’t pull down my underwear.”

“Ehh-!?”

This girl, what does she want me to do in this situation?

“Don’t ehh me. My hands are tied up and I can’t move my body you know? In the first place, weren’t you the one who caused this situation? It’s gonna spill at this rate, so hurry up!”

“E-E-E-Even if you say that-! Ah geez…”

Appearing as though she was about to cry, Darkness averted her gaze and stretched her hands towards me.

However, as she was pulling down my pants, she showed a strange expression.

“…Hm? Oi Kazuma, your pants are being pulled by something and won’t come down. This is…”

“Sorry, it’s a physiological phenomenon that happens when waking up.”

“…………”

“Wa-, WAAAAHHHHH!”

“OWOWOWOOWWOWOWOW STOP! STOP! IT’S GONNA BREAK!”

Although I didn’t specify what it was, I completely forgot about how I happily sexually harassed Darkness just a moment ago, and began to shriek.

“What the heck are you thinking!? I almost got a class-change in gender you know!? You better remember this, after I get untied I’m definitely gonna make you cry!”

“I’ve already cried but… Hey Kazuma, shouldn’t we just give up? I mean, once Aqua comes back, we can just use her ‘Create Water’ and ‘Purification’ skills to clean it up…”

“You want me to leak!? You want me to give up everything and leak!? Is that what you’re saying!? Stop saying stupid things and move it! This won’t work if you turn your eyes away! Since this is all your fault, take responsibility and look! Come on, hurry up!”

Darkness, who looked directly at my lower half this time, once again put her hands on my pants.

“Ku-, why did this happen….! All I wanted to do was to keep you away and protect Iris-sama…. b-but, for me – a lady of a noble family – to be forced to do something so precarious, and to be ordered to look down there… This situation isn’t too bad, now that I think about it…”

“Oi, stop saying stupid things to yourself and move it! There’s no time! No, I’m done for, I can’t hold on any longer!”

“W-, Wait Kazuma, I’ll help you right now alright!? Since it’s come to this, we might as well get this over with quickly! Ah geez, if Megumin or Aqua see this…”

Then, when Darkness said such—

I felt a gaze looking this way. Turning around to look, I saw Aqua shuddering in surprise. The look on her face was like a housekeeper who saw everything ‘unfold’.

“Awawawawawawa…. To think that Darkness and Kazuma developed such a relationship… Well, I’m gonna go to the guild and announce it to everyone ok!?”

““WAIT!””

“—Fu, you saved me Aqua. I was almost forced to leak by this perverted girl over here.”

After Aqua used her magic to release the binds of the magic tool, I returned to the room with a refreshed feeling. Looking as if she was about to cry, Darkness murmured.

“Uu… I-, I’m not a perverted girl…”

“Well I don’t really care about the details since this isn’t the first time that Darkness has been a pervert, but just what kind of play were you guys doing?”

“A-, Aqua!?”

For some reason, Darkness seemed to be shocked by what Aqua said. Ignoring her, I explained to Aqua.

“Recently, we got a bodyguard request letter from Iris right? And like, for some reason, Darkness is really against me accepting the request, so she decided to tie and lock me up in her own house. After amusing herself with me for a while, she planned to reject the request.”

“Darkness, if you’re gonna do that, then of course you deserve to be called a perverted girl, you know?”

“Just who is gonna amuse themselves with you! …But this time around, it’s actually really bad. The person Iris-sama is engaged to is the first prince of the neighboring nation, Elroad. Furthermore, it seems like this prince is also extremely troublesome to deal with. If you act like you usually do, and do something disrespectful, there’ll surely be some foreign affairs problems.”

A troublesome first prince.

Now that I’ve heard that, there’s all the more reason to protect Iris.

Hearing that, Aqua’s eyes began to glimmer and shine.

“Elroad? Did you just say Elroad? Are we going to the nation of casinos, Elroad?”

I didn’t really get why, but it seems that the name of that nation had pulled at Aqua’s heartstrings.

Well, to be fair, the ‘nation of casinos’ had a nice ring to it.

Seeing Aqua’s unprecedented behavior, Darkness’ expression froze up.

“Aqua, just making sure that you know, but if we’re going, we’ll be performing this bodyguard request, and not to play around alright? That’s right, if you want to go to the casinos in Elroad that badly, then let’s all go there another time for a vacation! Since everyone has a lot of money, we don’t really need to work while we’re there, we can just go there to genuinely play around!”

Although Darkness desperately tried to convince her, just looking at Aqua’s expression was enough for anyone to know that she had already set her mind on it.

I nodded my head in satisfaction—

“Alright, it seems that Aqua also wants to accept this request! Well then, after Megumin comes back, why don’t we take a majority vote? Well, even if I say that, since we haven’t done any quests or travelled anywhere recently, I don’t think she’s gonna be against it!”

“Uuuuu…”

Seeing Darkness hold her head with her hands, I showed a confident smile.