…Is she an idiot?

Moments before class was about to begin, that mutter slipped out of my mouth.

On the single sheet of paper mixed in my bag was familiar handwriting. Apparently, it was addressed to me from my little sister, Komachi.

The lovely letter set was arranged with Christmas color themed lamé that sparkled like snow and inside the envelope was an extremely uncute wish list of presents.

Well, what she really wanted to tell me was probably to buy detergent on the way back home in that last portion. This was what they called a Komachi joke… right? If not, then this wasn’t actually a list with high liquidity, right? Oh gosh, my little sister’s so scary.

For now, ignoring those first three things, I’ll make sure to buy detergent on the way home.

But those first three things were the only things I could ignore. The remaining written portion pulled at my chest.

–My happiness.

What exactly was that again?

Happiness was what again…? The delicious soy sauce at my house? You don’t say, I already had that! I was so glad I was born in Chiba!! Chiba’s soy sauce is number one in Japaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan! (Our production output is).

Oooh, I just missed a bullet there. Had I not been born in Chiba, “I wonder what happiness is…” would’ve filled my head and I’d be in deep crap. Thank you, Kikkoman. So that was that, but what’s the kikko in Kikkoman about? Forever age 17? Hey, hey.

Or whatever. I had to brag a little about Chiba while poking fun at it because otherwise, I wouldn’t have been able to take those words upfront since it was too embarrassing. Komachi probably felt the same way which was why she went through the trouble of garnishing the letter with needless words. We siblings were spitting images of each other.

But still, for Komachi to give me a letter, it looked like she may have had something in mind.

The chain of events regarding the student council election the other day was something that concerned Komachi as well. Or rather, I was the one who asked Komachi for her cooperation.

Whether that was a good thing or not, I still wasn’t sure.

Komachi didn’t pester me for the details of the outcome as if she was being considerate of how I was feeling. Well, even if she asked me persistently, I didn’t think I would’ve been able to explain it well and I’d probably just get irritated instead. And then, if we ended getting into another fight, I wouldn’t stand a chance.

I suppose it was because Komachi was aware of this that she was being considerate even if it was roundabout. As expected, a top-notch little sister.

Since it’s a request from my little sister, granting her wish was Mountain Mountain, but unfortunately, I didn’t have any money. To top it off, I couldn’t even grant one her of wishes that she mixed in as a joke either.

Hikigaya Hachiman’s happiness, Hikigaya Hachiman’s wish, and Hikigaya Hachiman’s desire.

To this day, I had never given them too much thought before.

So, what was my happiness and what was it that I wanted? I didn’t know any of them, but here I was today.

If I had something I could wish for just like how Komachi wished something for me. If that wish of mine would actually be heard. And if that wish was allowed.

If it was me…

…If it was me, I’d wish for Komachi’s happiness, duh! I’d wish for our Pretty Cure Cure Lovely and Honey Princess Fortune and do a Happiness Charge!

Still, since she was my cute little sister, I had to make sure not to bother her during this season right now. After all, she was a student taking tests right now.

I didn’t want to make her needlessly anxious as well as take up her time during an important period like this.

So for now, putting my happiness and so forth aside, I folded the letter and slipped it into the inner pocket of my uniform. I felt slightly warm in just that small area. What’s this? Don’t you love your little sister just a tad too much? No problem, she’s my little sister, so I was safe. Then again, I was completely out in a different meaning, wasn’t I?

Letting my face loosen up from just looking at a letter given to my little sister was considerably bad, so I sat up straight and fixed my collar.

It was that. I had better protect my cool image. By the way, there were many cases where while you thought you were cool, the people around you saw you as a gloomy person instead, so you had to be careful (self research).

As I wasted time looking at the letter from Komachi, it was just about time for morning homeroom to start. My classmates would frantically rush into the class.

And in that group of people appeared a girl listlessly walking, not paying any heed to things like the chime. Her bluish, dark long hair fluttered in unison with every step.

Kawasomething… No, Yamasomething? Or was it Yutakasomething? Well, let’s just go with Somekawayutaka-san. Kawasomething-san headed for her seat, indifferent to what was going on in the class. Halfway through, her cold and composed eyes clashed with mine.

After our eyes met, we were both quiet for a moment. And then for some reason, we both froze up.

We may be strangers, but I should at least greet her. Well, it’s not like I knew her name though. Anyway, I was in her debt for her help with the student council election the other day as well. I never did get to thank her. But back to the present, I didn’t know what to say or how to talk to her.

“Aah… well, you know.”

For the time being, I spat out a meaningless sigh and empty words, hoping to find a trigger to start up a conversation. When I did, the other party looked like she may have been trying to figure out what to say as well. Her lips wiggled around and she then spoke in a small voice.

“…Morning.”

“Y-Yeah.”

She greeted me with her still stone cold expression and I reflexively gave a half-baked reply.

Because she pulled the rug from under me, I sat there unable to say anything worthwhile. The conversation didn’t go any further than that and she hurried to her desk near the window side in the back.

Well, it was kind of awkward with that long pause after all. The best choice at a time like this was to run away. Seeing that I was already in my seat, the only remaining option was in that direction.

Whether she had no sleep or whether she wasn’t motivated, upon making it to her desk, she collapsed on top of it. As I watched her, I calmly reflected on our earlier exchange.

…Hey, hey, seriously? Kawasomething-san greeted me. We both didn’t even know each other’s names, so wasn’t this some great progress?

Though, even elementary kids would properly greet people. In fact, they were even taught in elementary to be assertive when greeting suspicious people. With that in mind, for the other party to give their greeting first meant they were preemptively spreading a rumor against suspicious people! It was basically that. Something along the lines of “what are you looking at, punk, where middle school are you from?” maybe?

Well, for a suspicious person whose expression loosened up from a letter that his little sister gave him, a jab of this level was expected. But wait just a moment. If my memory serves me right, I recall her grinning over a mail from her little brother, Kawasaki Taishi. Ah, that’s right, her name was Kawasaki.

…Oh my, what’s with that girl, she’s so suspicious. Next time, I’ll greet her and keep her in check.

Greetings were really important, weren’t they?

This world had become a world where you had to be wary of those who greeted you, not where you had to be wary of the misunderstanding that being greeted meant the other party wanted to get closer to you. POISON.

As I watched Kawasaki, I rested my chin on my hands and looked around the room as well.

There weren’t any noticeable changes in my classmates, but the scenery they were in looked slightly different.

The lockers in the back were jammed with coats and mufflers. There was even a teakettle pot someone freely brought in as well. The girls had blankets on their laps, covering a good portion of their legs.

And amongst those girls was a girl who was openly showing her long legs. It was Miura Yumiko.

As she twirled her winding blonde hair, she slowly alternated her crossed legs that stretched out from her short skirt. When she did, the hems of her skirt fluttered lightly.

I reflexively used my force of will to restrain my eyes from being pulled in. I managed to hold out so that she was barely in my field of vision. There’s no way I could restrain myself, huh? I was already looking too. Ah, but wait a second! For her to be sitting meant she was letting her guard down and the scene would… Or so I thought, but there was this waft of smoke floating around Miura. What is this, censorship? Are they going to remove it in the BDs?

My eyes were normally half-open, but I thought maybe I could see something (pink) if I were to narrow my eyes. When I stared with my clouded eyes, what I discovered was a small machine puffing out smoke. Aah, that must’ve been the humidifier Yuigahama was talking about. It definitely was puffing things out. It was becoming the kind of smoke used for when an enemy character made his appearance.

Miura was acting like her usual Queen self and next to her were the same serving two, Yuigahama and Ebina-san.

“Yumiko, aren’t you cold?”

Ebina-san spoke with consideration and Miura gently flicked away her blonde drills with a confident smile.

“Not reaaaally? This much is normal, isn’t it?”

Although she said that, Miura lightly sneezed. Yuigahama and Ebina-san looked at Miura who had an embarrassed face and made warm expressions. Yep, yep, I feel kind of warm myself.

In contrast to Miura whose captivating bare legs were on public display, Ebina-san and Yuigahama were wearing jerseys underneath their skirt. Hey, think of the people who have to see you in that appearance. It really drops morale, so please stop it.

…No, but wait a second. Now that I took into consideration that only high school girls sport that kind of appearance, then I felt like it was good in its own way. The mismatch of the crappy, lame jersey underneath the skirt brought about a mysterious ensemble. Wasn’t it exactly because of this hidden nature that there existed a brilliance that allowed you to spread the wings of your imagination? You guys are my wings! It’d be a problem if you underestimated a boy’s imagination!

But the guys next to them looked like they didn’t have any interest at all as the jerseys Yuigahama and the others wore didn’t catch their fancy. Good grief, youngins these days truly were lacking in their ability to imagine. Well, it’s not like they were asking to look at them, so that’s fine, I suppose.

But while I was carefully observing them, it apparently wasn’t an issue of a lack of imagination.

I wasn’t sure if I could call this evidence, but Tobe was rocking his body restlessly as he brushed and pulled his hair at the nape of his neck. As he did that, he would make small glances towards the group. It looked somewhat uncomfortable.

He looked at Hayama, then at Miura and the others, and then he turned to Oooka and Yamato.

“But yeah, it’s seriously cold.”

“Yeah.”

Oooka answered and nodded and Yamato made an exaggerated sigh.

“To have a club on a day like this, no way.”

“Aah. There’s that too.”

So was there club or not…? I identified “there isn’t” and “there is” as having the same meaning and I seriously thought that the world was guided by the Law of Cycles7.

Tobe made a frivolous smile and looked at Hayama, Miura, and the others hoping for a similar opinion with a “right?”

When he did, Hayama made a smile and didn’t give a particularly worthwhile answer.

Miura caught a glimpse of that exchange. She peeked at Hayama’s face, but she didn’t say anything.

From a distance, you probably wouldn’t have thought there was anything different about Hayama’s group. If I ignored that trivial exchange they just had, even I’d think there wasn’t anything out of the ordinary.

However, there definitely was a rift in there somewhere.

Although the boys and girls were at the same place, there was no actual interaction between the two.

I finally realized that it wasn’t so much that Tobe and the others weren’t worrying about Miura and the others, but it was exactly because it bothered them that they were trying to act as if they didn’t see anything.

It may have looked like the same as always, but it was certainly different.

Perhaps it was because there was an uncomfortable distance between the master pieces, Hayama and Miura, who were the centers of the group. If there was a rift between the centers, then it was obvious there would be one between the groups as well.

No one would talk about it.

But choosing not to talk about it indicated how detached they were and this only served to widen the gap between them.

Did something happen between them? Tobe wasn’t getting ignored because Miura hated him, right? Oh my, what a poor fellow! Reminds me of myself!

The problem probably didn’t lie with Tobe, but with Miura who was concerned about that double date the other day. Well, if you thought about it normally, then it was Hayama we were talking about. I most certainly thought it didn’t mean anything if he was just hanging out with girls from other schools. But, apparently the way I saw him was slightly different.

True enough, Hayama wasn’t the type that would be the center of conspicuous rumors of being a philanderer. In fact, you could see that he kept a certain distance between girls he didn’t know very well.

But it might be exactly because of that that Miura felt uneasy having seen him in person at that place.

The Hayama that I saw and the Hayama that Miura saw were probably different. In other words, Miura saw Hayama as someone who wouldn’t do that sort of thing.

…Well, you know, I feel kind of bad about it. The reason Hayama was doing that was partly my fault and Miura ended up anxious since he got mixed up with me. But the one who needlessly got involved was also to blame too, so I absolutely wasn’t the one wholly guilty here. But it’s not like I did something bad to Miura… I did see her panties (pink) that one time so my guilty conscience towards Miura accelerated even more.

As expected, if Miura wasn’t energetic, then the entire group would be gloomy. But Miura wasn’t the only one out of place.

Yuigahama wasn’t her usual self as well.

She’d smile as she quietly listened to the conversation Tobe and the others had and she’d take turns listening to Miura and Ebina-san as they talked.

Yuigahama was different from when she was in the club room.

She wouldn’t assertively try to speak up or force the conversation to continue. Above all else, she didn’t behave in a way that looked like she would try to read into the responses and expressions of the other party.

It’s possible that being with Miura and the others gave Yuigahama peace of mind. Surely enough, the club wasn’t a place she could feel at ease anymore.

That fact left a huge burden on my chest.

The conversation in Hayama’s group had stopped, but Tobe would go “aah” while keeping his sigh from slipping out. From there, he followed into his next words.

“…But ya know? It’s been freakin’ cold these days. Totally freezing here.”

Tobe! The same thing! You’re talking about the same thing from earlier you know! I mean, sure the weather was the number one topic to turn to when you needed something to talk about, but you’re abusing it, you know… It’s becoming something like that Gondoh, Gondoh, Rain, Gondoh thing.

Oooka and Yamato responded to Tobe’s words in the same way they did earlier.

“Well, it is winter already.”

“I know, right?”

Tobe and the others continued the same conversation that seemed like the world was operating on loops and not pre-established harmony. But the Tobe from today on was different. Well, I didn’t know how he was normally though. Sorry for not having any interest in Tobe, okay?

“Speakin’ of which, ya guys plannin’ anythin’ for Christmas?”

Although Tobe looked like he was asking Hayama, weren’t his ears pointing suspiciously in the direction of Ebina-san?

Noticing that sign, Ebina-san took the initiative.

“I’ll be busy with preparations for next year, I think.”

Aah, I imagine so. There was that winter festival that would be open during dawn after all. As she nodded convincingly, Miura reacted with a twitch, looking disinterested up until now. She stopped the hands that were twirling her hair around.

“Christmas huh…? Ebina is, well, whatever… But what’s everyone else going to do?”

As she said that, her gaze was slightly looking in Hayama’s direction, but she quickly looked away. She was restlessly fidgeting with the hems of her skirt and pushing them away under the desk. Her cheeks were looking a little flushed (pink).

Ooh, you go girl! Do your best, Miura…! Then again, why was I rooting for Ms. Queen anyway? Ah, it’s not like I was rooting for Tobe-kun at all.

But Hayama leaned his head turning my support into nothing.

“I might have some things to do…”

“Eh?”

As if those words were surprising, Miura’s voice slightly choked up as she questioned him.

“Ha-Hayato… D-Did you have some plans?”

“Hm…? Ah, just some business at home.”

Hayama responded with a smile that didn’t look as restless as it did earlier. Instead it had its usual warmth to it.

“H-Hmmm…”

Miura looked away from Hayama and began fiddling with her hair again, acting indifferently. She looked restless as if she wanted to ask about something, but she never went further than that.

When the conversation between those two stopped, the boys and girls were split up again. The topics naturally dispersed between the two; the boys talked about club activities during the winter break and the girls discussed what they were expecting to buy on Christmas.

Tobe seemed reluctant with how things were going and after he scratched his head, he stretched out a finger and looked at everyone.

“Oh, how about that then! Hatsumode or something.”

It looked like Tobe was trying his best to shift the topic back to earlier. I wasn’t sure when Hayama described Tobe as the mood maker, but I guess that was true… Although it looked like he wasn’t thinking about anything, he was surprisingly considerate of those around him. Or maybe it was because he realized that it wouldn’t be good if the gap between them continued to grow. Because he had been living up until now as someone quick to go with the flow, he was probably sensitive to it.

“Mmm, I think I’m going to spend the New Year with my family though…”

Tobe was putting in the effort, but Ebina once again sidestepped the issue. Tobe’s shoulders dropped instantly.

Or so I thought, but Ebina-san placed a finger on her cheek and went into thought.

“But it doesn’t have to be that day… It’d be nice if we could all go out.”

Ebina-san emphasized the “we” in her words and Miura suddenly raised her head.

“Ah, that sounds good?”

“Yep, it does.”

When Yuigahama agreed, so did Yamato and Oooka who nodded. When they did, Tobe would look at everyone’s face as he would go “Right? Right?” After seeing that, Hayama gently made a broad smile.

“…Sure.”

“R-Right!? Then, then, then, when should we go? Ah, Hayato-kun, are ya the type that can go any time? By the way, I can go any time.”

“We have club you know…”

Hayama sighed with a mix of resignation. Listening on the side was Miura who spoke up in disinterest.

“So, when should we do it…? I’m like totally free whenever.”

Miura’s tone clearly sounded like she was disinterested, but when she looked at her nails that she raised up to the lights, she looked agitated somehow. When she confirmed that everything was right on the mark, she let out a giggle.

Ebina-san looked at Miura with gentle eyes.

They were finally able to have a warm conversation again. Yuigahama sighed in relief to that.

“Ah, sorry.”

Yuigahama excused herself from Miura and the others and left them. Oh my, could she be going out to pick some flowers? But still, how would this kind of jargon work for guys? “I’m going to go hunt for some deer for a little bit” might sound a little cool.

I thought about that, but apparently that wasn’t the case. Yuigahama headed for her locker in the back and was sifting through something. After that, instead of going back to Miura and the others, for some reason, she was approaching me.

“Hikki.”

When she called me, I turned towards Yuigahama. When I did, Yuigahama stood still for a moment and twisted her body uncomfortably. And then, she spoke reluctantly.

“You were looking over here a lot so…”

“Eh, er, it’s not like I was looking or anything…”

I unintentionally mumbled my answer. Sure, I was definitely watching, but being told that directly was a little awkward. Just as I was about to continue with excuses, Yuigahama shook her hands and interrupted me with a resigned tone.

“No, no, you were totally looking. It’s because Hikki was giving that weird glaring look. To be honest, it really made me go ‘ugh’.”

What’s with the “ugh”…? Isn’t that kind of mean?

“If anything, you’re the one that shouldn’t be looking over here…”

“Eh!? Er, that’s like, like you know! I just kind of sensed it you know! Like there’s this pressure or chill or something…”

Those two were quite different, but whatever… As she shook her hands restlessly and voiced excuses in a panicky manner, Yuigahama added something at the very end.

“Anyway, why were you looking over here? Did you need something?”

Although I thought that there really wasn’t any reason why I was looking in response to that question, but it pulled at my heart somewhere. Why was I looking at them?

“…No, not really… Well, you guys stick out so I couldn’t help it.”

“Uh huh…”

Yuigahama’s response gave off a weird feeling that she was both convinced and not convinced at the same time. However, it wasn’t like I had said a lie. Hayama’s group stuck out. Things that stood out naturally attracted your eyes. That’s why unintentionally looking wasn’t anything odd.

However, the reason I was watching them definitely wasn’t because of just that.

Just how were you supposed to fix something that came unstuck and dropped to the bottom?

If it was Hayama’s group, then I felt they would’ve given me the answer to that.

The key point behind human observation wasn’t just to watch other people. Instead, it might’ve been to emulate what they did as well as reflect on your life.

The reason I was watching Hayama’s group was probably because despite being aware that in that group there existed the relationship I thought was superficial and deceitful, I was assimilating that into my current self.

Tobe may have been reacting unconsciously to the sensitive atmosphere, but Ebina-san was probably aware as she tried to close the rift.

By slowly reconciling the slight differences in opinion and feelings of discomfort, Miura, Hayama, Tobe, and Ebina-san would regulate how they would act with each other, looking for a universal compromise that they would all agree with. That was how I saw it.

Even that kind of relationship existed.

They, too, had actual doubts about their own communication, worrying and fumbling about.

–In that case, what exactly was fake?

“Hikki?”

Just as I was about to be entrapped in my own thoughts, Yuigahama’s voice brought me back. I raised my face and Yuigahama was looking at me with a slightly worried face. Before realizing it, our faces were close enough that I could distinctively feel her warm breath and sense her moist eyes on me.

I jerked back onto my chair and took some distance. Now wasn’t the time to show an expression that would get Yuigahama anxious. There was no doubt she was also at a loss about the Service Club’s current situation. I was the cause behind it as well, so I should at least try to conduct myself properly.

I stopped thinking for now. I thought it was a problem to think about only when I was alone. And those times were abundant. This was where being a loner was convenient.

I quickly changed the topic.

“Anyway, you guys should be a little quieter if you don’t want anyone looking at you. It’s that, you know. I bet 40% of the stares directed at you were probably saying how annoying you guys were.”

“Uu, I wonder about that… But Tobecchi’s there, so I don’t think that’s possible.”

She sure did say something really cruel there. Sure, Tobe may be annoying and obnoxious, but he had some good parts to him too. Like how durable the roots of his hair were or something.

Well, still, noisy or not, there were times when your eyes would get drawn away anyway. Even as I talked with Yuigahama right now, my eyes moved around arbitrarily.

See, the thing is, when something moved around in your line of sight, it tended to grab your attention right? I don’t think I need to mention that someone cute would be even more alluring.

Maybe that was why my eyes simultaneously looked in the direction of the door when it slid open at the front of class.

The person who entered wearing a long sleeved jersey and long pants was Totsuka Saika. He came in breathing out a sigh as if the hallway was chilling down. Reflexively, I breathed in. Aah, the air that Totsuka breathed out just now was now inside of me… Okay, even for me, that was really disgusting.

When Totsuka noticed Yuigahama and me, he walked in our direction.

“Morning.”

Along with his morning greeting was a smile that looked like a blooming flower. Just as I thought, greetings were important… I thought it would be a truly sad thing if that kind of greeting was used only for the sake of preventing crime, yep.

“Morning, Sai-chan.”

“Yo, morning.”

When Yuigahama and I greeted him back, Totsuka’s eyes blinked childishly. He sure is cute… Ah, no, that’s not it. Why was Totsuka slightly, adorably surprised? In fact, I should be the one surprised at how cute he was.

“Something wrong, Totsuka?”

Did we just say something weird? I asked Totsuka and he tried to brush it off as he slightly shook his hands in front of his chest noticing it.

“I just thought it was rare to see you two together in class like this.”

“R-Really?”

Yuigahama answered in surprise and Totsuka quickly added in a panic as if being considerate.

“Ah, it’s just an image I didn’t think about.”

Once he said that, that certainly did bring it to my attention. It was rare for Yuigahama to come talk to me in class.

Aah, that reminded me. Even though she went to the lockers in the back, she didn’t bring anything along, did she? If she suddenly came up to talk to me, it was likely people would think what was going on. So that’s why she added a cushion to avoid that. I guess that’s expected of her consideration…

Still, even with that kind of consideration, if the people watching actually paid attention, they’d notice how unnatural it was.

“…Did something happen?”

Totsuka looked at Yuigahama and me in turn and asked with a worried tone.

“No, not at all…! W-Well, it’s just something to do with a request for club, I guess.”

“Aah, club huh?”

Yuigahama mumbled in a panic and Totsuka looked convinced as he clapped his hands. Yep, not knowing to suspect others was a virtue. For someone as pure as Totsuka, there was the possibility that those who attempted to deceive him would end up dying from the guilt of their good conscience instead.

“But if you can do your club like before, I’m glad.”

Totsuka smiled as he said that and I thought he was saying it innocently. Totsuka was involved in the chain of events regarding the student council election as well. It was likely that the sight of Yuigahama and me talking about the club from the side was proof that everything went perfectly well.

However, Yuigahama’s expression stiffened.

“Y-Yeah… Ah, I know! If you have any other problems, you should come again, Sai-chan!”

“…Yeah.”

Yuigahama momentarily choked up on her words, but quickly smoothed it over with a smile and spoke.

I wasn’t sure if you could say “like before”. We were definitely talking with Yukinoshita and by all means, it wasn’t a serious situation at all. No one was getting ignored and there weren’t conflicting opinions.

Nothing happened.

No, there was nothing at all. That was all there was to it.

Totsuka tilted his head to our sporadic exchange and he sent a dubious stare. His eyes were asking if something had happened. But I felt like I wouldn’t have been able to explain it properly. I quickly shifted the direction of the conversation.

“No, see, it’s basically that. It’s just there’s nothing happening that we’d totally be up for anything that came along! We’ll welcome it anytime, yeah!”

“You’re more motivated than usual!?”

Yuigahama’s eyes opened in shock. Wait, do I normally look that unmotivated…?

“Ahaha. Okay, then if something comes up, I’ll go.”

Totsuka smiled amusingly and peeked at the clock. It was almost time for the homeroom teacher to come.

“It looks like homeroom’s going to start soon.”

“Oh, you’re right. Okay, then we should get going.”

After they spoke, Yuigahama and Totsuka went away from my seat. And in that moment.

“…Ah, that’s right, Hikki.”

Yuigahama quickly turned around and stealthily moved her mouth to my ears.

A light, floral scent drifted by and a soft breath hit my ears. When she unexpectedly got closer, the warmth that I felt during that time in the evening after school in the cold room where something had ended came to mind.

My heart suddenly jumped. Yuigahama whispered in a quiet voice.

“…Let’s go to club together, okay?”

After saying those few words, Yuigahama dashed for her seat without waiting for my response. As I watched her off, I was squeezing my chest without noticing.

My heart wasn’t jumping around anymore. In fact, it felt like for how much my heart was jumping around, it was eating away inside of me and I was only able to barely keep it at.

The reason Yuigahama went out of her way to say that was because she felt it was hard to go to club.

I felt the same way. I just didn’t feel inclined to go.

Even though we went every day without fail, it felt cruel somewhere. Even though the three of us probably didn’t even want to go there.

However, we didn’t want to admit that we would still go. It’s because we just couldn’t admit to how big the things that we lost were.

Or possibly, we were going only out of obligation, only out of a sense of duty as if we wanted to preserve it and maintain it, similar to how different living things would try to preserve its kind as well as themselves.

Days where you just went about it so you weren’t running away.

These were the days that you lamented over the deceased.

In order to not make excuses for the things those were lost. In order not to accept giving into irrationality. That’s why, we would brace ourselves and behave like we usually do more than we would before.

That was surely deception.

However, the one who chose that was me.

You weren’t allowed to reconsider a choice. Time was already irreversible and there were many things that couldn’t be recovered. To grieve meant betraying your past self.

To regret something was proof that what you were holding onto was that big. That’s why, I wouldn’t grieve. In reality, I was able to grab onto something that I normally couldn’t get a hold of. That fact alone should’ve been enough satisfaction.

If you got used to good luck and happiness, then they were nothing more than something regular, your every day. Once that came to an end, then that was when you’d feel unhappiness.

In that case, if I presume that reaching out for nothing from here on was the natural thing to do, just doing that would lead to a fulfilling life.

At the very least, it should be done in such a way that wouldn’t deny my past self.

I would spend the rest of my days from now on in that way.